Week1

In the first week there was a confusion with my classes and because of that, I couldn't be put into a group. I wasn't even in the class list and was
wondering what is happening as I was enrolled in the class. 

Week2

Then in the second tutorial, I told my friend to check the class list again and there I was! So then I joined my new group 
and met my teammates. We then discussed the user stories in class and also set up our repository and did jira integration. 
We also divided work for the UI design page wise and started working on that. We then conducted our weekly meeting and decided 
to meet the next day (Week 3) in the library face to face to discuss what we have done and progress further.

Week3

We divided the tasks again and had two face to face meetings which in my perspective are very productive. 
We started wrting user stories from the scratch and also finalized our novel ideas. We also finanlized the 
UIs and wrote abstracts for the APIs and the project as a whole. I personally worked on the user stories and also made UIs. 
I also wrote the abstracts which gave me a good feel of the project. 
In our meetings, we discussed the work we did and finalized the report which was submitted.

Week4

I personally worked on the database structure and the setting up of the database with Steven. Started on the basic structure of the server.py 
file (flask framework). I then started working on the Event creation and edit which took a lot of time for me to do as it involved completion 
of the database to start. One of the challenges I faced was to produce seats of which i found a way while trying various ways. I then changed the
structure of the database on the go as i realized we can never have the final structure as whenever we code, we find one thing or the other missing in it.
Completed the draft with some test.py(s) to go with it so that the frontend don't face any issues with the code

Week5

We then had another meeting in which we discussed all the work we have done for sprint 1 and then fix any issues that arose with backend and frontend
combining their code. There were a few bugs which we fixed and then we merged our code and finalized sprint 1. We then had our tutorial in which we
showcased our progress for the Progressive demo A. After the meeting I started working a bit on the bugs that were pointed out and also started and
finished our work on the Retrospective A report which was later submitted.

Week 6

We had a meeting again to divide the work for sprint 2. I worked on the booking and cancellation part as it related to the creation of an event.
We also fixed bugs which were occuring on the frontend and backend together so that sprint 1 things didn't have an issue later on. I then started the
booking part as I knew it would take long but also had in mind that for sprint 2 we had 2 weeks to complete, so took it a bit easy. The booking part
led me to change a lot of my code that I did in sprint 1 for event creation as I realized that I missed a couple of things that I needed for booking.
Then we had a meeting to discuss our progress and test a couple of thing that we did complete.

Week 7

I continued working on the booking and cancellation part and added a couple more functions. I was then told by Harsh (frontend) that he needed some
functions for fetching data, which I created. We then had a meeting again and tested out our current code and fixed some bugs. Then in the tutorial, we
discussed our retrospective A report with the tutor, of which he asked some question which we answered well. After the tutorial, I finished my code for
booking and cancellation and was pretty proud of the work which I did, as sprint 1 and sprint 2 ( booking, event_creation, and cancellation ) were all working together in harmony on testing.

Week 8

We had another meeting in the start of the week to finally merge and test all features with the frontend and backend together for sprint 2. After 
we fixed all bugs and were satisfied, we merged. We were all ready for the progressive demo B which went smoothly too. After this, we met in the 
end of the week for dividing of sprint 3 and solve any issue that might have occured. I started working on sprint 3.

Week 9

I realized the group booking with friends was very challenging and had a lot of layers behind it. The challenge I faced was that I couldn't do multiple
group bookings happening simultaneously. Nevertheless, I found a way and did it. This sprint, by far was the hardest for me as I had less time and a 
lot of challenging code to write as the feature which I was working on was novel. We then had a meeting for the retrospective B report and also discussed 
our progress. 

Week 10

We had the most amount of meetings this week. As my sprint 3 was nearly complete, I wanted to test with the frontend first as I had some conceptual doubts.
So me and Harsh worked on the group booking together and perfected it. After this, we met as a whole group and discussed the sprint 3 first, fixed bugs and
prepared for the final demo. While preparing we again found some bugs but as everybody was present, we fixed them almost immediately and continued. We then 
went to the tutorial and gave our final demo which went smoothly as we had perfected all of our features with no bugs. After that we had another meeting 
and worked on our code style and final report which almost took a whole day of continous work to finalize. I also then finished my peer assessment and
finalized the diary.
